Add floating layout (#326)
pinnacle-comp/pinnacle: wiki/usage/window-management.md

except for those on the overlay layer.

![Fullscreen layout](/assets/fullscreen.png)

> Spilled windows behave like floating windows, but are still tracked by the
> tiled layout. This mode is set by the compositor on window that should be tiled
> but couldn't due to the layout lacking free tiles. Contrary to floating
> windows, spilled ones will become tiled automatically if the layout start
> providing enough empty tiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spilled windows behave like floating windows, but are still tracked by the
tiled layout. This mode is set by the compositor on windows that should be tiled
but aren't due to the layout lacking free tiles. Contrary to floating
windows, spilled ones will become tiled automatically if the layout starts
providing enough empty tiles.
```
